README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

<!--
**thomaskroi1996/thomaskroi1996** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

My name is Thomas Kroißenbrunner and I love programming! I first started to get into it as a teenager, and then used it every now and then throught my Master's studies in Physics at the Technical University of Graz, in Austria. After graduating I got 2 jobs as a research assistant, which both relied heavily on programming. Ever since then I wanted to deepen my knowledge of different languages. I have been working in the fields of Climate Physics and Computational Fluid Dynamics, where I learned statistical methods as well as algorithms for managing, processing and analysing big chunks of data.

Here are some of the projects I worked on: <br>
<a href="https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool">ESMValTool</href><br>
<a href="https://gitlab.com/openCFS/cfs">openCFS</href><br>
<a href="https://github.com/precice/precice">preCICE</href><br>
<a href="https://github.com/thomaskroi1996/openfoam-adapter">openFoam adapter for preCICE</href><br>

<img width="640" height="183" alt="ESMValTool-logo-2-glow" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9a29afa8-f112-4cec-8646-4b8965b08e2a"/>

<img width="300" height="183" alt="opencfs_white_text" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/640351c6-bd2f-468e-9b79-f350886cbb2b"/>

<!-- [![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thomaskroi1996)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) -->



Additionally you can find some experiments and projects I coded in my freetime. Some work, some not, but they were always a really great way to learn for me. <br>

One big goal of mine is to deepen my knowledge of C++, and if possible, work in the field as a software engineer.

Commit message:

Update introduction and add contribution offer
Corrected a typo in the introduction and added a new line about contributions.

README.md, after:

## Hello 👋

<!--
**thomaskroi1996/thomaskroi1996** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

My name is Thomas Kroißenbrunner and I love programming! I first started to get into it as a teenager, and then used it every now and then throughout my Master's studies in Physics at the Technical University of Graz, in Austria. After graduating I got 2 jobs as a research assistant, which both relied heavily on programming. Ever since then I wanted to deepen my knowledge of different languages. I have been working in the fields of Climate Physics and Computational Fluid Dynamics, where I learned statistical methods as well as algorithms for managing, processing and analysing big chunks of data.

I am always on the lookout for making new contributions/learning new technologies, so if you want any help on your project, let me know! 

Here are some of the projects I worked on: <br>
<a href="https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool">ESMValTool</href><br>
<a href="https://gitlab.com/openCFS/cfs">openCFS</href><br>
<a href="https://github.com/precice/precice">preCICE</href><br>
<a href="https://github.com/thomaskroi1996/openfoam-adapter">openFoam adapter for preCICE</href><br>

<img width="640" height="183" alt="ESMValTool-logo-2-glow" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9a29afa8-f112-4cec-8646-4b8965b08e2a"/>

<img width="300" height="183" alt="opencfs_white_text" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/640351c6-bd2f-468e-9b79-f350886cbb2b"/>

<!-- [![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thomaskroi1996)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) -->



Additionally you can find some experiments and projects I coded in my freetime. Some work, some not, but they were always a really great way to learn for me. <br>

One big goal of mine is to deepen my knowledge of C++, and if possible, work in the field as a software engineer.
